---
title: "(Instructor of Record) CSE190: Working with Large Code Bases"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/cse190_sp24
venue: "UC San Diego, Computer Science and Engineering"
term: Spring 24
date: 2024-06-04
---

[Lecture Recordings](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwefIyb96bAMPAcALGQQcTKhz7w0FsIL8&si=FE7ZDG-97a3yoRbZ)

[Course Materials](https://cse190largecodebases.github.io/sp24/)

[Student Feedback]({{ base_path }}/files/SET_evaluations.pdf)

I taught this course as the instructor of record in the Spring 2024 quarter at UC San Diego. This course was only developed one year earlier by my advisor, two MS students named Jerry Yu and Thanh Tong, and me, so I was responsible for expanding and developing the course materials for this class. I authored a free, online textbook, created my own lecture slides, and planned out the course syllabus. I expanded upon the previous course material, which mostly covered program comprehension and code management, by also adding lecture content related to code quality and AI-assisted programming.

I learned a lot from this course in terms of how to manage and run a class. One of the most important takeaways for me was learning how to manage a team of teaching assistants and tutors. I could not have run this course successfully without the help of my amazing tutors: Khushi Patel, Yash Patki, and Charles Wu. 

I was pleased to see that my feedback from the students in the course was very positive. In total, 42 of the 48 students (87.5%) filled out an evaluation! The SET evaluation system at UCSD provides a rating out of 5 on three categories: student learning, course structure, and class environment. My score for each category was 4.65, 4.68, and 4.72, respectively. I have attached the full student feedback report that I received below. A few of my favorite comments from students include:

* "Anshul created a very interactive and supportive classroom environment. I felt like it was very
easy to ask questions and reach out to Anshul and the rest of the course staff."

* "This feels like a personal, supportive environment where people accept you and want to learn with and from you. The goal is to learn, not to prove ourselves/compete with our peers to get an A in the class."

* "Professor Anshul's lecturing style is amazing. His presentation often have live-code demos which help keep the lectures more interesting and easier to understand. The Exploration and the In-class activities helped keep me engaged in lectures and to think critically about the material."

* "Geography warm-up activities promoted a positive learning environment" (woohoo!)